Beamformer Output
(excerpted from email from Billy Barott)

The total beamformer bandwidth is 104.8576 MHz, but that the usable bandwidth from
the current beamformer is 72 MHz. 

The bandwidth is determined by two factors: 

(1) The passband FIR filter in the iBobs, and 
(2) the fine-delay FIR filter in the beamformer.  

The latter has some freedom associated with it, and
can actually be set by the user.  Larger bandwidths yield larger
beamforming errors, smaller bandwidths are more precise beams.  At any
rate, the default and design bandwidth is 72 MHz, or just under 70% of
104 MHz (technically, being 0.7 of 104.8576, I think it's more like 73
MHz, but that's getting on the shoulders of the filter).  

It's certainly possible to get to the 90% level, but that requires more
taps in the FIR filters.  Dave can talk about the old and new DDC
filters & bandwidth, but as for the beamformer we were restricted by
space to a 6-tap FIR filter for the fine delay.  The design point of ~
small amplitude and bandwidth errors was 70% - take 6 taps and try to go
to 90%, and the delay and phase errors get much larger, and we're no
longer forming an accurate beam, and null forming abilities effectively
vanish.
the iBob DDC is limited to 81 MHz.
 With 6 taps, we get 4
degrees phase error worse-case  at a normalized bandwidth of 0.7, and a
amplitude error of 8%.  My figure only goes to 12 taps (double our
current size), but at that level, at 90% we'd have 10 degrees phase
error and quite large amplitude errors (>> 10%, off page).

The July 2008 Beamformer Presentation PPT file is available on
the logbook at log.hcro.org, under backend systems/ beamformer.
There's quite a bit of architecture info in there.  Also recommend
reading the users guide on the logbook (under software tab of same page)
for some more info.  Note that info in ppt ends before circular
polarizer or packetizer, as those didn't exist at the time of the
presentation.

Comment from Mike Davis:
But, but, but...

We're only trying to -detect- (not measure) drifting
cw tones and pulses. These are very tolerant to
both amplitude and phase errors. I think this is
a case of the perfect driving out good enough. Remember
that we are accepting -3dB at the edge of the primary
beam, so 10% amplitude and 10 degree phase errors
(maybe ~-0.1 dB) are small by comparison.

