SonATA Meeting Notes
2009-11-09

Attendees: Peter Backus, Ken Smolek, Tom Kilsdonk, John Ross,
Gerry Harp, Avinash Agrawal, and Jane Jordan

Last month, Ken successfully tested the secondary confirmation
code and the followup activity code. CW detection is now working for 
1 Hz, 2 Hz, and 4 Hz. Pulse Detection is working for the resolutions
from 1 Hz to 128 Hz. Resolutions 256 Hz and 512 Hz are problematic
because of the oversampling. Hanning has been implemented for the
CW data.  For now the archive channel will remain 16 subchannels wide. 
An inverse transform will be required to access the data.

Tom and Ken will be working on the communications between the 
SSE and the dx, and the SSE and the channelizer. 

Handel, the Dell R610 at Hat Creek is still up and running
after John Ross reseated the cable.

Jane is working on packetgen to implement different noise and test
signals in the two polarizations.

John has generated new diagrams for the System. The SSE and Archivers
will need 10GbE connections. 

In order to test the configuration of the 3 beam system, we will need
to buy additional 10 GbE cables. John will research the cost.
An initial estimate is $70-150 per cable.
Also, in order to test the full capability of the R610 as a DX host,
Handel will need more memory. Handel has 8 GB now, additional 16 GB
costs around $760. There is tradeoff between activity length and 
bandwidth. 24 GB of memory can probably handle 100 second observations.
32 GB of memory would be needed for 200 second observations.
We need to do testing with longer observations to determine
the actual resource requirements.
Peter requested that we plan for 3 minute observations without 
compromising the bandwidth.

Gerry will present a review of his SETI experiments on December 16
as part of the Colloquium Series.

Avinash spend the remainder of the meeting defining the projects and
what we need to do. 

From now on the Monday meeting will cover Open SETI and SonATA
as well as Prelude.

The motivation behind the Code Review was discussed. The dates of the
review are still TBD. The proposed date of November 16 will not
work. Ken needs more than a week notice
to plan a trip to the Institute. Plus, Gerry who volunteered to scribe 
for the review will be at Hat Creek for the Air Force Meeting November 16-17.
Danese Cooper will be at the Institute next week. Avinash will consult 
with her on scheduling the review.
