SonATA Team Meeting
September 14, 2009

Attendees: John Ross, Tom Kilsdonk, Peter Backus, Ken Smolek, 
	Jill Tarter, Jane Jordan

Several computers in the Astronomy Lab
at UC Berkeley were compromised. As a result, IT has asked that
we change the passwords for all accounts on all machines at
Whisman and in the field. Individuals should change their account
passwords. Jane will ask Tucker for additional time to change all
the system accounts. We need to create new passwords for root,
nss, sse, and sonata.

Jane reported that Infosys has not resolved the Github access
problem. Their team has been updating from Github at home which
may raise security issues. Infosys is still having difficulties
getting the build to complete. The latest problem was that they
were missing a java library. They had reported compiler warnings
in ACE library. These are due to the fact that the version of
ACE that works with our code is out of sync with the compiler we are using.
They also reported warnings from loading the database schema.
This has been corrected.

Jill asked about the code evaluation that Google had offered
to do with Black Duck. Jane will check with Tucker on the status.

Ken did testing to verify that that Handel can handle a dual
polarization limited bandwidth (~6.5 MHz) Channelizer. He continues to debug
the confirmation code. The Linux kernel does not handle multicast
packets correctly for multiple streams on the same host. 
If the same port is used with different IP addresses,
each of the IP addresses receives all the data for all addresses.
The channelizer code will be changed to use a different port
number for each stream with the same IP adddress.
Ken will be travelling to Hat Creek on Sunday, 9/20 and work there
on Monday, 9/21. He will be in Petaluma Tuesday through Thursday
and be at SETI on Friday, 9/25, and part of the next week.

We already have enough hardware for the minimum configuration 
for testing SonATA at Hat Creek.
Beam 1: Left and Right Polarization channnelizer on Handel
Beam 2: Left Polarization channelizer on Brahms
	Right Polarization channelizer on Liszt
SSE: mozart
DX: Schubert, Chopin, Haydn (about 4 MHz total capability)

Testing in parallel with Prelude may require physically 
repatching the cables, since we are currently running in a 2 beam
single polarization configuration.
Different beamformers should be used for SonATA and Prelude, since 
Prelude needs to set the offset for the DAC.
Peter will request 3 4-hour sessions in the 4th quarter this year
for testing SonATA in parallel with Prelude, looking at a speccraft.

John Ross asked if the shipping boxes in the lab are needed any longer.
He will ask Michelle to dispose of them.

Jill is working on hiring a manager for the TED wish and
pursuing donations for a cluster.

Next SonATA Meeting, October 5, 2009, 1 PM.
