SonATA Team Meeting
October 5,2009

Attendees: Tom Kilsdonk, Ken Smolek, Peter Backus, Mike Davis,
	and Jane Jordan

Jane reported that she had added pulsed signals to packetgen,
the beamformer simulator, in preparation for testing the
pulse detection code in the DX.
Also, Jane prepared estimates for hardware for a three beam SonATA system
that processes the 72 MHz of usable bandwidth from the
beamformer. The estimates range from $380,000 (3 racks) to
$608,000 (6 racks) for the system, depending on the 
processing capability of the DX host computers.

Ken was at Hat Creek two weeks ago and at the SETI Institute
last week. He checked in code for an end to end system test.
He was able to test the system with the dual polarization
beamformer running two channelizers on separate hosts and
six DXs on chopin (4 processors, 8 GB memory). The next 
effort will be to debug the pulse confirmation code and the
secondary confirmation code. Peter is trying to schedule some
time on a single antenna with Prelude and SonATA running
side by side and compare the results for a strong beacon.

Ken, Tom, and Jane discussed the interfaces between the SSE and
the channelizer and the SSE and the DX. Tom has updated the
interface memo. Ken has worked out
a scheme to synchronize the channelizers. The channelizers are
given a future start time and begin processing when the 
timestamp in a beamformer packet is equal to and greater than
the start time. It is anticipated that the channelizers will be
restarted for each activity to ensure synchronicity.
The DX will also be given a start time, typically on a second
boundary. The DX will start baseline collection when the 
time stamp in a packet from the channelizer is greater than or 
equal to the start time. Data Collection will start immediately
after baselining has completed. The DX will report the actual
start time to the SSE.

Mike Davis has attended several Conferences and is consulting
on Gerry Harp's Holography Paper. Mike requested that he be
added to the daily observing report list.

The next SonATA meeting will be November 2, 2009 at 1 PM.
